a high standard product the launch the style ticket the technician promises
to inaugurate a new concept in the segment of light trucks
with capacity to carry from 23 to 29 tons the iveco tector surprises
in every detail in the design
functionality and motorization
up to 250 horses
with 17% more torque
the inside of the chest also makes it hard for anyone sitting in the
cabin is the driver
or the passenger imagines what is inside a transport vehicle
but rather the passenger car
the comfort and convenience that it offers the panel is supermodern has multiple
On-board computer functions can already come from the factory with
air conditioner if the applicant for the owner so wishes, if not
series it already comes with the air conditioner
the controls I stay here in the ceiling in the air conditioner works the system
myocese perception should point now and also refresh the environment in moments
I had more heat he also has a field with six to 10 gears and can
be activated part reduced with a small key here in front of agreement
with the conditions of today it was more severe the ascent of a slope and the
vehicle is also account of the maximum also has in the passenger part of the
passenger side three rear-view mirrors for easy viewing of the
driver there are clubs distances
a shorter distance view of the body on the side-
Someone in the party
since the vehicle is quite high but sterile at the same time.
bar also impresses because it can come up with 17 configurations
can be used for any load objective in this case
specifically it can be used
and civil construction 'it can be used as concrete mixer it can be
used as clay
for the transport of heavier products such as
furniture razed or even alert the lighter products
as a consolation or foam it is actually suitable for all types
carriage
facing the attributes and possibilities of the foot that
the customers of the torturous region
the purchasing manager of a teresinense remedies industry josé
rated coliseum
and already ordered
two units
the measure prevents the purchase of the two units
let's work price and the pain that the market presents in detail with 43
years of experience in cargo transportation is good benedito pine lime
explains why the cable car has also already closed deal with two
brand trucks
all total security
match up high bonnet
all security
can not explain how soon
it's just friend
approved at the launch of the
authorities heard the optimism message of hitech duarte's precedent
America
the event happened simultaneously
more than 50 iveco dealers in brazil one of the strategies of the company
freight transportation industry that has grown the most in Brazil in the last two
consolidate its market share with this segment
scn heavy
the idea that is completing to see a beautiful
that it is already working in this segment with the euro each and now it
is completing a car the truck
peter stein
Setúbal advances the will of high technology
today it works with all segments
clebsch are good
he was staying
on the other hand the technician
of the disease or the havoc israel
lion never a million
the superpowerful track
mainly works mining and sugar cane mills
the product is true high quality
the half evil
enriched Brazilian market with which there is a very large variety
lis's team
of harvard made despite delegates
the white and the feather will release this even though the average river
it's a silver car
tons
of great value
is a car that is to offer comfort to the driver who avoids a wig
that's important said
the purpose of the idea
until 2010
complete its product range
few buses and it's the
from 12 to 18 hours she does not have
is the beans thing not to be us
We hope to repeat the dose.
the art we have with the mobile architect
market leadership and reach will also see
soon